[Jira-v3] - fix issue with summary argument in jira-create-issue command (#31487)
demisto/content: Packs/Jira/ReleaseNotes/3_1_6.md

#### Integrations

##### Atlassian Jira v3

> - Fixed an issue where the **jira-create-issue** command required the *summary* argument even when its passed through the *issue_json* argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the **jira-create-issue** command required the *summary* argument even when it is passed through the *issue_json* argument.
```
